README.md, before:

# CRIU Debian Packages

This repository contains all files necessary to build the Ubuntu/Debian packages for CRIU published in the [OpenBuildService](https://build.opensuse.org/project/show/devel:tools:criu) and [Launchpad](https://launchpad.net/~criu).

## Versioning
Ubuntu package names are suffixed by the version number of the package. This allows Ubuntu to distinguish newer packages from older ones and so remain up to date.

If you're creating an alternative version of a package already available in Ubuntu's repositories, you should ensure that:

- your package supersedes the official Ubuntu version
- future Ubuntu versions will supersede your package.

To do this, add the suffix ppan (where n is your package's revision number). Two examples:

- Ubuntu package myapp_1.0-1 → PPA package myapp_1.0-1ppa1

- Ubuntu package myapp_1.0-1ubuntu3 → PPA package myapp_1.0-1ubuntu3ppa1

Version numbers must be unique. This has implications if you want to provide packages for multiple Ubuntu series at once:

- If your package can be used on different versions of Ubuntu without being recompiled then use the naming scheme already described, and start by uploading your package to the oldest series that you want to support. When you have successfully uploaded your package to your PPA you can copy the existing binaries to the new series; see Copying packages, and use the "Copy existing binaries" option.

- If your package does need to be recompiled to support multiple Ubuntu series, then you should add a suffix of a tilde and the series version to the version number. So a package for the Yakkety Yak (16.10) could be named `myapp_1.0-1ubuntu3ppa1~ubuntu16.10.1` and for the Xenial Xerus (16.04) `myapp_1.0-1ubuntu3ppa1~ubuntu16.04.1`. If you need to release an updated package, increment the ppan suffix. It is important to note that specifying the version name here doesn't change the series that you are targetting; this must still be set correctly as described in the Ubuntu packaging guide's section on the changelog file.

## Options when building

How you build your package depends on whether you're creating a brand new
package or you're creating a derivative of a package that's already in Ubuntu's
primary archive.

If you're creating an alternative version of a package that's already in
Ubuntu's primary archive, you don't need to upload the .orig.tar.gz file, i.e.
the original source.

### Build an alternative version of an existing package

The following command will build a new source package version without the .orig.tar.gz source file.
This is required, for example, when the source file has already been uploaded to Launchpad.

```console
debuild -S -sd
```

### Build a brand new package with no existing version in Ubuntu's repositories

The following command will build a new source package with .orig.tar.gz file. This is required, for example, when a new upstream release has been created and the .orig.tar.gz file has not been uploaded to Launchpad yet.

```console
debuild -S -sa
```

## Upload a package

### Update /etc/dput.cf

The "ppa" entry in `/etc/dput.cf` should be updated as follows:

```
[criu-ppa]
fqdn = ppa.launchpad.net
method = ftp
incoming = ~criu/ppa/ubuntu
login = anonymous
allow_unsigned_uploads = 0
```

Alternatively, you can use `~/.dput.cf` instead.

Then, enter the following:
```console
dput criu-ppa <package>_source.changes
```

Commit message:

readme: add branches
Signed-off-by: Radostin Stoyanov <radostin@redhat.com>

README.md, after:

# CRIU Debian Packages

This repository contains all files necessary to build the Ubuntu/Debian packages for CRIU published in the [OpenBuildService](https://build.opensuse.org/project/show/devel:tools:criu) and [Launchpad](https://launchpad.net/~criu).

# Git Branches

The following branches contain the source tree for each criu package:

- [open-build-service](https://github.com/rst0git/criu-deb-packages/tree/open-build-service)
- [launchpad-22.04](https://github.com/rst0git/criu-deb-packages/tree/launchpad-22.04)
- [launchpad-20.04](https://github.com/rst0git/criu-deb-packages/tree/launchpad-20.04)
- [launchpad-18.04](https://github.com/rst0git/criu-deb-packages/tree/launchpad-18.04)

## Versioning
Ubuntu package names are suffixed by the version number of the package. This allows Ubuntu to distinguish newer packages from older ones and so remain up to date.

If you're creating an alternative version of a package already available in Ubuntu's repositories, you should ensure that:

- your package supersedes the official Ubuntu version
- future Ubuntu versions will supersede your package.

To do this, add the suffix ppan (where n is your package's revision number). Two examples:

- Ubuntu package myapp_1.0-1 → PPA package myapp_1.0-1ppa1

- Ubuntu package myapp_1.0-1ubuntu3 → PPA package myapp_1.0-1ubuntu3ppa1

Version numbers must be unique. This has implications if you want to provide packages for multiple Ubuntu series at once:

- If your package can be used on different versions of Ubuntu without being recompiled then use the naming scheme already described, and start by uploading your package to the oldest series that you want to support. When you have successfully uploaded your package to your PPA you can copy the existing binaries to the new series; see Copying packages, and use the "Copy existing binaries" option.

- If your package does need to be recompiled to support multiple Ubuntu series, then you should add a suffix of a tilde and the series version to the version number. So a package for the Yakkety Yak (16.10) could be named `myapp_1.0-1ubuntu3ppa1~ubuntu16.10.1` and for the Xenial Xerus (16.04) `myapp_1.0-1ubuntu3ppa1~ubuntu16.04.1`. If you need to release an updated package, increment the ppan suffix. It is important to note that specifying the version name here doesn't change the series that you are targetting; this must still be set correctly as described in the Ubuntu packaging guide's section on the changelog file.

## Options when building

How you build your package depends on whether you're creating a brand new
package or you're creating a derivative of a package that's already in Ubuntu's
primary archive.

If you're creating an alternative version of a package that's already in
Ubuntu's primary archive, you don't need to upload the .orig.tar.gz file, i.e.
the original source.

### Build an alternative version of an existing package

The following command will build a new source package version without the .orig.tar.gz source file.
This is required, for example, when the source file has already been uploaded to Launchpad.

```console
debuild -S -sd
```

### Build a brand new package with no existing version in Ubuntu's repositories

The following command will build a new source package with .orig.tar.gz file. This is required, for example, when a new upstream release has been created and the .orig.tar.gz file has not been uploaded to Launchpad yet.

```console
debuild -S -sa
```

## Upload a package

### Update /etc/dput.cf

The "ppa" entry in `/etc/dput.cf` should be updated as follows:

```
[criu-ppa]
fqdn = ppa.launchpad.net
method = ftp
incoming = ~criu/ppa/ubuntu
login = anonymous
allow_unsigned_uploads = 0
```

Alternatively, you can use `~/.dput.cf` instead.

Then, enter the following:
```console
dput criu-ppa <package>_source.changes
```
